dev, v2.1, v3.0: fix 3 broken links (#1467)
pingcap/docs: v3.0/releases/2.1ga.md

+ tikv-ctl

>     - [Add the `ldb` command to diagnose RocksDB related issues](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/blob/master/docs/V2.1/tools/tikv-control.md#ldb-command)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Add the `ldb` command to diagnose RocksDB related issues](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/blob/master/docs/reference/tools/tikv-control.md#ldb-command)
```
